I'd like to share something with you
today this morning when I was out on his
zombie hunt I made my 100th kill pretty
excited about that pretty stoked been
thinking about it all day 100 zombies
killed been trying to think about how to
spend that talent point I just got I
don't know if I should go retribution or
feral tree who knows but anyway today
I'm going to review the super adorable
super paper mario game for the nintendo
wii man is it cute it follows its
predecessor Paper Mario and the
thousand-year door which was the sequel
to the n64 game Paper Mario so they've
kept with the classic cartoon style of
the paper feel so Mario is this slim
piece of paper and he's got all these
crazy moves that you can learn in the
game they're thinner paper like so in
this game the story typically falls into
the category of dumb and tired and old
like the old paper Mario's they try to
make fun of story of gas you know
Mario's the chosen hero blah blah blah
blah blah peeps please kidnap that you
joins up with you so the story is the
greatest but it's still a fun game now
one of the coolest features about this
game is the fact that you can go from a
platform to be bored to a 3d World if
you start out from the typical 2d
platformer world they're doing the
typical Mario lanes running around
killing goombahs collecting coins saving
Princess Peach all the stuff that you're
very familiar with but what super paper
mario introduces is a new ability with a
flip meter flipping in super paper mario
is a crucial game element that allows
you to see hidden passage
discover new objects and meeting people
like David you doing jackass we're going
to flip this time Mario teams up with
these pixels that inhabit the world and
these pixels given REO different
abilities he can have a pixel that turns
into a bomb he has a pixel that turns
him into a thinner piece of paper that
allows him to navigate through the world
in different areas these pixels are
crucial to the game and you collect new
pixels as the game progresses the game
relies less on the RPG elements that the
other previous to paper Mario's have and
that's not a bad thing necessarily this
game tried to be a super mario platform
game and it was and it's really fun
because you don't only just play as
mario be good to play as Peach and
Bowser and they all have their own
special movies and they can level up and
get more powerful and defeat bigger and
better enemies there's just a lot of the
elements from the previous two paper
Mario's that are back but it doesn't
feel like an overwhelming RPG we have to
go brine 30 do in order to defeat the
fifth level box you don't have to do
that this time around super paper mario
it's it's fun it's a great adventure if
you don't have her from the Nintendo Wii
definitely pick this up if you haven't
why would I give super paper mario
probably four out of five p wings